What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A repository without any commit is created. There are no files in the repository yet. The files need to be added using git add <file>.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a space between the working directory and the repository. It is like a storage that can contain multiple files. That is the beauty about the staiging area. It allows you to commit changes in multipe files at once.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I don't understand the question. Probably, it aims at pointing out that you can add several files to the staging area at once before making a commit. So logical changes that stretch over a series of files can be committed via the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are helpful when I want to work on two different versions of one and the same program. A branch allows me to create a new line of commits that differ from the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

When I use git log, it only shows the branch that I am on. Branches that lie on the sideline of the branch I am on are not shown. That is why it is helpful to draw diagrams of my branch structure. It helps me visualize the branches I have in my repository.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

All commits that were in the two branches before are joined into one listing all commits in order of the point in time when they were introduced.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging combines files following an algorhythm. When lines were changed in both branches the algorhythm doesn't know which change should be added to the new commit.

These conflicts can only be resolved manually. It requires you to think and is a painfully boring job to do.

